Update visual-language.md (#356)
BitcoinDesign/Guide: guide/getting-started/visual-language.md

> # The visual language of bitcoin

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# The visual language of Bitcoin
```

Since Bitcoin answers to no central authority, there is no single symbol or logo that can visually represent it, though many try. Here are some of the most recognized attempts to create a universal logo for Bitcoin.

### Original symbol

> Satoshi Nakamoto created this lettered golden coin for the original Bitcoin Core client.

Reviewer: Layout got messed up. Move this text to where the previous text was removed (between the image include and the closing div).

Author: Nice catch.

Fixed https://github.com/BitcoinDesign/Guide/pull/356/commits/9906216a0a0dc48b3b902510c2a40e583ad95657

![Screenshot 2021-05-27 at 17 20 34](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/36959754/119852896-00478080-bf10-11eb-9929-894ab64c52d1.png)

   layout = "float-left"
%}

> The Unicode symbol for Bitcoin (₿) was introduced in [Unicode 10.0.0](http://www.unicode.org/versions/Unicode10.0.0/) 10.0.0 on June 20, 2017. This important step established Bitcoin as a currency symbol alongside the US Dollar ($), Euro (€), and others. As of mid-2021, few fonts support the symbol.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Unicode symbol for Bitcoin (₿) was introduced in [Unicode 10.0.0](http://www.unicode.org/versions/Unicode10.0.0/) on June 20, 2017. This important step established Bitcoin as a currency symbol alongside the US Dollar ($), Euro (€), and others. As of mid-2021, few fonts support the symbol.
```

### Illustrations

> Magazines, blogs, and other publications often hire professional illustrators to visualize stores about bitcoin. Because Bitcoin does not have any official brand style guidelines, they are usually only limited by the illustrator and publisher’s imagination.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Magazines, blogs, and other publications often hire professional illustrators to visualize stores about Bitcoin. Because Bitcoin does not have any official brand style guidelines, they are usually only limited by the illustrator and publisher’s imagination.
```

## The expression scale

> Think about Bitcoin’s visual language as a scale that ranges from muted to highly expressive. These images look, but they all capture bitcoin in some way. Public, community-owned identities like Bitcoin make them all equally valid and canonical. This provides enormous creative freedom to designers and illustrators with their own vision for Bitcoin.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Think about Bitcoin’s visual language as a scale that ranges from muted to highly expressive. These images look very different, but they all capture Bitcoin in some way. As the identity of Bitcoin is public and community-owned, all these representations are equally valid. This provides enormous creative freedom to designers and illustrators with their own visions.
```
Fixed broken sentence.

> Public, community-owned identities like Bitcoin make them all equally valid and canonical.

Struggled with this sentence, so I tried to come up with a simpler variation.

Remove the last Bitcoin, as it was the fourth appearance of the word in this short paragraph.
